this is uninjured arc nights yep that's
Rhys this is me and this is my sparks
sparks guitar pretty much brand new
scooter yep we just add a little burner
and this is um there is a car coming
that what always barbecue lighting Jim
just really that little spark spark
scooter with lighter fluid we go through
this one here go again we need to try
get a flame okay but wait we got flame
look there is a flame on my scooter
oh we just made bigger and the scooter
is on fire
wait a bit more and Risa Scott is on
fire go again Reese and it's a fun way
please
whoa
felt pretty huh
why did you hear that and it's right on
fire that's the spark or is actually
miss okay are we done race yeah I see
the bottom of that spark ah it's spongy
I see the bottom of the sparkler oh
that's really mugged up okay killed this
car see for our next video
ninja Dark Knight's with a capital N and
capital desert yeah
don't know because they would look just
watch smoking spongy okay see ya we say
bye nice